build: release 2.12.0 (#2162)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui: CHANGELOG.md

# Changes

## [2.12.0](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/compare/2.11.1...2.12.0) (2022-11-21)

### Bug Fixes

**projects:**

> * prevent resetting user inputs when forking a project ([#2144](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2144))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* fix bug in project name entry field of fork dialog ([#2144](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2144))
```

### Features

**sessions**

> * update warning message on missing references ([#2141](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2141), [#1777](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/1777))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* improve explanation when a session link does not work ([#2141](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/2141), [#1777](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/issues/1777))
```
